 Some tools that worked well for our team included Github and Git Flow. Github was helpful as a central repository to develop our web app because it let everyone work with the same code base. Git flow was used to keep a working version of the code that team members can branch off into different feature branches without negatively impacting other people’s work. The MEAN stack helped us by providing lots of functionality that saved time in implementing basic features like routing, http request handling, etc and let us focus on more complicated features. Some helpful conventions included using Google hangouts, Google Docs, and Whatsapp. Google hangouts let us meet remotely since meeting in person could be difficult. Google docs let us work on them in real time documents in real time together and remotely. Whatsapp was used to update the team on progress.
 
Some tools that did not work well for our team included using Neo4j and the Google Places API. Neo4j was not helpful since we did not need to store relations between users, a graph database didn’t fit our needs and we decided to use MongoDB instead. We were unable to complete a user story of having expected wait times for locations, since Google Places API did not provide that feature for us. A convention that didn’t work well was that we didn’t enforce the daily standups so some days people didn’t know exactly what the other team members were doing that day.

If we continued to work as a team we would ideally have an in person short standup everyday over Google hangouts or another voice communication software, so everyone could give us a clear update on their progress. Also, during the day of the new sprint, we would have a longer in-depth in-person meeting to discuss which items from the product backlog we will be completing and distribute each task based on the strengths and experience with the tasks. When deciding which stories to select, we would choose which tasks to do, which have the least amount of dependencies on other tasks for the earlier sprints. This would allow us in theory to have a more consistent workflow and not get stuck on waiting for another task to be completed before continuing the current task assigned. We would also make better use of pull requests before merging and get at least two different members to give feedback or comments on the code before actually merging. This would help ensure that the code being merged doesn’t accidently break the working code in the master branch.
